man has always been in search of ways to
take up challenges with mother nature
whether deep-sea diving or mountain
climbing
welcome to the off-road experience the
newest extreme sport in islamabad
Oh
this small group of friends got together
seven years ago and have ever since
explored the tracks around the twin
cities of Islamabad and Rawal Pindi even
though in Pakistan extreme off-road
driving is followed by a small circle of
enthusiasts the off-roaders have
successfully lured other friends over
time to this outdoor adventure to make
dough yo TT Vera's testaburger gate they
are totally now the club holds several
programs for the interest of people of
all age groups and offers a diverse
range of activities each year Shiraki
willie'd Land Cruisers and Mercedes are
just a few brands among many jeeps used
in the sport the main theme is to
promote extracurricular activities they
solve our Jeep Club is a group committed
to promote this new sport among you that
keeps the youngsters away from other
attractive but bad habits the way to
take out all our anger and all our
ambition torn jeeps it's a healthy
activity this year the club arranged an
event on the outskirts of Islamabad in
the town of curry Mallick Amir my mood
is the man behind the Jeep club as there
is no financing from the government's
side to bring this sport to a
professional level the funding is done
solely by its members in Pakistan people
don't know about this too the main
purpose for for this four before
extravaganza was to create awareness
among homophobic vehicle lovers
off-road driving is a safe sport that
can be enjoyed without any risk if one
learns to properly assess conditions and
continually work on driving skills the
experience of others give a true
demonstration on how Xtreme 4x4
off-roading is pulled off this
exhilarating experience tests the
highest level of man-made machines a
single experience of these monsters will
change the way you look at nature plus
it's a great opportunity to get a
massive adrenaline rush Don Alejandro
News Islamabad